[Music]
we're going to warm up our deep
abdominal muscles and pelvic floor Lean
Forward onto your
elbows and roll your heels up off the
floor so your weight is shifted to the
balls and Toes of your
feet while you're breathing here want
you to squeeze and contract the Deep
pelvic floor muscles like stopping the
flow of urine squeeze and contract and
really feel that deep contraction
breathe while you're holding that
contraction it's as if you're driving
and you have to go to the bathroom and
there's no bathroom inside so really
tighten it
more and one more breath in and out
while holding the contraction hold
it good and release and roll
up we're going to do that again and
concentrate on blowing all the air out
of our abdomen here we go lean forward
elbows on thighs roll up onto your balls
of your feet and your toes and shift
your weight forward onto the balls of
your
feet inhale
here and as you exhale concentrate on
blowing out all the
air below the navl pulling your navl in
as far as you can
and again
inhale deep contraction still have to go
to the
bathroom blow out all the
air and one more time
inhale and just lift those
abs up into the body squeeze and
contract and release down rolling back
up into sun salutations bring your arms
in front of your heart
hands
together inhale reach upward and get
length through the spine exhale open the
hands and Swan Dive
forward hands will go onto your shins
and lengthen from your tail to your head
glance
upward monkey pose and roll forward
again reach those arms out to the sides
reverse Swan Dive inhale and get length